
    DO NOT ALTER OR REMOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICES OR THIS HEADER.

    Copyright (c) 2010 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    The contents of this file are subject to the terms of either the GNU
    General Public License Version 2 only ("GPL") or the Common Development
    and Distribution License("CDDL") (collectively, the "License").  You
    may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You can
    obtain a copy of the License at
    https://glassfish.dev.java.net/public/CDDL+GPL_1_1.html
    or packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.  See the License for the specific
    language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

    When distributing the software, include this License Header Notice in each
    file and include the License file at packager/legal/LICENSE.txt.

    GPL Classpath Exception:
    Oracle designates this particular file as subject to the "Classpath"
    exception as provided by Oracle in the GPL Version 2 section of the License
    file that accompanied this code.

    Modifications:
    If applicable, add the following below the License Header, with the fields
    enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying information:
    "Portions Copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]"

    Contributor(s):
    If you wish your version of this file to be governed by only the CDDL or
    only the GPL Version 2, indicate your decision by adding "[Contributor]
    elects to include this software in this distribution under the [CDDL or GPL
    Version 2] license."  If you don't indicate a single choice of license, a
    recipient has the option to distribute your version of this file under
    either the CDDL, the GPL Version 2 or to extend the choice of license to
    its licensees as provided above.  However, if you add GPL Version 2 code
    and therefore, elected the GPL Version 2 license, then the option applies
    only if the new code is made subject to such option by the copyright
    holder.


- manifest generator updates *creating manifest with excludes* (priority low)
- fix admin server to deal with multiple manifests
- fix load balancer
	-- on reset remove it from balancer
- what to do if the manifest is updated (high priority). this actually causes a lot of problems because what happens
  we start grizzly client app and manifest changes do we stop 
- test the restart stuff create a method that just throws an IOException and see what happens
- on reset don't reinit everything have each context item have a reset method
- create a visualization tool to watch the graph grow
- change the load to queries per second that are served 
------------------
temp todo
uncomment  read time out in agent
auto stop admin server on das and client side

tomorrow :
- change the load to queries per second that are served 
- have servers ping their children.
- adapter integration
- manifest 
  -- Config listener
  -- thread every 5 min
- xml -dir to sync
  -- config/ xyz.xml


ssh iasengsol3.red.iplanet.com -l bk227254 - used to run admin server
ssh iasengsol6.sfbay.sun.com -l bk227254 -
ssh iasengsol7.sfbay.sun.com -l bk227254 -
ssh glassfish-sparc-2.sfbay.sun.com -l bk227254
ssh glassfish-sparc-4.sfbay.sun.com -l bk227254
ssh glassfish-sparc-3.sfbay.sun.com -l bk227254 -
ssh glassfish-x86-2.sfbay.sun.com -l bk227254


iasengsol3
java -cp sync.jar testing.StartClients 5 http://129.145.133.244:5555
http://dhcp-usca14-133-244.sfbay.sun.com:59110
aroot glassfish

send email to lily chen
iasengsol4.sfbay.sun.com 
iasengsol11.sfbay.sun.com
iasengsol12.sfbay.sun.com

ping iasengsol4.red.iplanet.com
asengsol11.red.iplanet.com
asengsol12.red.iplanet.com
can't ssh
iasengsol1.sfbay.sun.com
